Yunhe Education Park will be officially located in Yuncheng
West coast landing
There are currently more than 40 education groups
Intention to enter the park
More than 40 education groups have now settled in Xi'an
The barren land of Xi'an
Will take advantage of this east wind to shine
Housing prices in Xi'an have skyrocketed threefold
Now the biggest buyer this time is actually a success
It's a fucking city-state
Jesus Christ.
Why do you give him such good luck every time?
It's us on the east coast
Invested in a dozen financial companies
It all went bankrupt
We lost a hundred million dollars.
Do you explain to the old man?
Yeah.
The old man still doesn't know that I can use the labor payment
Let me think of a way.
Liu Shao, you won't let me this time
Let me find who the fuck
It's the tiger god riding the wind
Just ride the wind
Fucking bad things for me over and over again
Okay, I'll play an exciting game with you today.
Come to Brother Zhao
Be someone for me
Is that the time?
Let's just plan for the rest
What's up?
We're in trouble again.